# Legal notices

We rely on the following open source projects. You can find links to the
source code for these open source projects along with license information below.

### Apache

https://maven.apache.org - Apache Maven<br>
Used under Apache License, Version 2

Copyright &copy; 2016 The Apache Software Foundation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this software except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License here: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

### JUnit

https://junit.org/<br>Used under Eclipse Public License

Copyright &copy; 2002-2016 JUnit

All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials are made
available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 which accompanies
this distribution, and is available at 
https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.

### Oleaster Matcher

https://github.com/mscharhag/oleaster/tree/master/oleaster-matcher<br>Used under
Apache License, Version 2

Copyright &copy; 2014 Michael Scharhag

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this software except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License here: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

### OpenJDK

https://openjdk.java.net/<br>Used under GPLv2 with Classpath Exception

Copyright &copy; 2016 Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See https://openjdk.java.net/legal/gplv2+ce.html for more
details.

As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an
executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent modules, and
to copy and distribute the resulting executable under terms of your choice,
provided that you also meet, for each linked independent module, the terms and
conditions of the license of that module.  An independent module is a module
which is not derived from or based on this library. If you modify this library,
you may extend this exception to your version of the library, but you are not
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception
statement from your version.
